Identity Auth | Change token storage/verification, and refactor certain methods (#703)
guardian/csnx: .changeset/olive-seals-give.md

---
'@guardian/identity-auth': minor
---

- Add `decodeTokens` method to `Token` class

> - Refactor library so that we only store required values in l `verifyTokens`ocal storage, and now derive other values from decoding the token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Refactor library so that we only store required values in `verifyTokens` local storage, and now derive other values from decoding the token
```
